Here onwards we called each component and right the set to grow.
And so a little you are in text field and not the known value we have to give its the value priority
always.
So priority we always and here I will also tell you this thing it is treacherous.
What we have recall you are in text field to the end.
So.
No, no child.
What?
I'm.
Want to know.
Something.
Okay.
Firstly, we have to write.
So what's the next thing?
We will stretch your text field to the end.
So we will call the actual component and here we'll set H2.
And then what we need is the you are in text field and here we will set the priority to the always on
here done.
And afterwards we will call the control box and get it to children this one.
And afterwards we will call add back button not to reload.
Notice the Mac button and then what we will do again, we will call the controls edge hooks sorry s
box and then the children of course.
And then we will do not add settings space the new space
to the new space read.
What we need is not showing the test to show that the new space reason
and.
We cleaned this thing off and.
We will do this same thing again on this one.
So we will copy this control policy and pasted pasted in here.
We will set it to the forward button, this one.
And here it will set it to the reload button.
The new space season, everything will seem and again we need the new text field.
So this one call the URL text field.
But here we have to set the border first.
So we need to set border layout that border and we write the new border and write the new fee.
Firstly, if the border stroke.
Who knew bowlers stroke this.
First one is the right one.
Another is the.
So we drive the news through.
And afterwards, we will give it the value.
New borders, truth, justice.
Okay.
So we have to give it the value.
So first value, what we will give, don't fight one white color, one another.
We even give it the value borders, truth, murder, truth style this one and set it to the non.
This one not.
And another thing which really need is the corner radiator.
So we're gonna corner radiator and set it to that empty.
Of course.
And another one.
What do we need?
The last thing which we need is the new border.
So we will call the new moderates and keep it to three or two.
I will give it the three.
And now we don't need anything.
So we will delete this thing and set this thing.
So syntax error semicolon.
And that includes two things.
Firstly, we will import this.
Okay.
No, we have to set the vertical box as well.
So we box not get children and don't add.
I know.
Control controller spokes.
And then we will create a.
Sorry.
The box.
This one don't get children.
This one on what we would do next to start at Peter.
So we need the progress bar.
And then afterwards, what we need is the border panel.
So border being the pin.
That being equal to new border ban and send it to the few.
This one we have to import this also so import border and and afterwards you need the box again and
get children.
And then add those up.
Okay.
So here everything is done.
Now what we need, we need over this class to create class, space, reason.
Okay.
Finish.
Oh, no, we need that thing.
So we will delete this.
Okay.
We need this class under this.
So what we will do?
Here.
We even tried.
I read class.
Peace region.
It will inherit.
It will interface.
It needs the interface of the region gone with region and then parenthesis.
I think it should be the case and import this also.
And afterwards what we need the public space region constructor, we will call it constructor speech
reason, the parentheses part.
And then again what we need to super our current class constructor.
So from here onwards we will call over the parent class constructor and set minimum.
But we need the property and it to.
Five.
I'm here.
This thing is done.
And what we have to do, we have to write the party of these matters.
So here I will write first reload method body the first engine not execute script.
And what we need when we reload it will be go with the history.
So this tree and the cool.
And the zero part, and this will return afterwards.
You will write the matter of the go forward.
So we'll write our engine or execute script and we need that back one.
So write history nerd back and call this one.
And now another thing which we will need to go back method also.
So here we will write the first engine or execute script on here.
Okay, just a minute.
We have to write this.
The this was the forward.
So what we will write the forward and copy the same thing and write here, but we need to change it
to the back.
So here we'll write back and after word.
All these methods have the body.
Now we have to complete its body also.
You call this load, you are in this thing.
Load you the text field or get text.
So firstly, what we will do, we have to check the condition.
So here what we give is to set it to the other part and now we will call the string to be equal to you.
You are then give the argument and set it to know you are in your model semicolon.
And with this we have to check the conditions as well.
So if temporary effect is null, then just return the GDP, write this thing and set it to the GDP.
Call to you all, set it to stuff again.
We will write HTP in this, this and upload our URL which we have right this thing.
It will give the default one another thing.
It will show that because we have not created the method and here the if condition is to check.
So another thing, what we do, you are in text field and it's set its text to the temporary one.
So here you are temporary one.
Then we will load the engine part.
So here load and give it to value DMP and here everything is done.
Now we have to get the body of the two URL method.
So here we will catch the exception.
So try return new item which we have created in the part.
So here the string i will give a str and then I will write to external, not so to external form.
I am done.
And then we have to catch this exception also.
So.
This one.
Now what will be the.
Okay, so the exception will be the malformed.
You are an exception here.
Exception.
Then it's 40 and here it will be returned null.
So we have to import this.
Also, it's imported.
Everything is done.
Two so strong.
Okay.
Now, another thing which you have not done is stop public.
We have to need to get box also.
So we box and we'll write the guide box here and create this method by name.
Get the box and return over the box.
Okay.
This one.
So here we have created this matter and.
You think we need this?
Okay, so we need this on here.
And all these things are.